chore: Improve js-runner & stdlib as npm packages (#915)
grain-lang/grain: js-runner/README.md

# @grain/js-runner

The JavaScript runner for the Grain language.

## Why

> Grain programs need to be instantiated in a specific way within JavaScript environments. By using `@grain/js-runner`, you can bootstrap the environment to run your Grain programs.

Reviewer: This is true for unlinked mode but otherwise it's largely just setting up WASI, which can be done without the runner. I'd probably say something more along the lines of this makes it easier to get Grain programs running in JS rather than that Grain programs are special.

Author: Can someone please make an edit suggestion. My brain is fried today.

> Grain programs need to be instantiated in a specific way within JavaScript environments. By using `@grain/js-runner`, you can bootstrap the environment to run your Grain programs.

Author: ```suggestion
This project makes it easier to get your Grain programs running in a JavaScript environment—either node or the browser. If your Grain code is compiled in unlinked mode (`--no-link`), your programs need to be run with `@grain/js-runner` in order for us to do module resolution.
```

@ospencer do you like this or have a better suggestion?

Reviewer: Looks great! I'd tweak yours just a tiny bit:
```suggestion
This project makes it easier to get your Grain programs running in a JavaScript environment—either Node.js or the browser. If your Grain code is compiled in unlinked mode (`--no-link`), `@grain/js-runner` will perform module resolution and load all necessary modules.
```

## Installation

To install the package, install it from npm:

```sh
npm install @grain/js-runner
```

## Usage

The package provides two versions of the runner. One for the browser and one for node.

In the browser, without a bundler, add this as a script to your `index.html`:

```html
<script src="node_modules/@grain/js-runner/dist/grain-runner-browser.js"></script>
<script>
  // You'll also need to install the @grain/stdlib package
  let locator = Grain.defaultURLLocator(["/", "node_modules/@grain/stdlib"]);
  let GrainRunner = Grain.buildGrainRunner(locator);
  GrainRunner.runURL("hello.gr.wasm");
</script>
```

The easiest way to get running in the browser is to fork the [grain-web-example](https://github.com/grain-lang/grain-web-example).

In node, you can require the runner:

```js
let Grain = require("@grain/js-runner");
let locator = Grain.defaultFileLocator([
  __dirname,
  require.resolve("@grain/stdlib"),
]);
let GrainRunner = Grain.buildGrainRunner(locator);

> GrainRunner.runFile("hello.gr.wasm");

Author: Is this example correct?

Author: I tested this with some grain code and it seems to work.

```

> You can also just use the Grain CLI to run your files, like `grain run hello.gr.wasm`.s

Author: ```suggestion
You can also just use the Grain CLI to run your files, like `grain run hello.gr.wasm`.
```
